Club Development Report: UoM Basketball Club
Monthly report: November

Figures

Number of paid members (Compared to last year):

Average session attendance figures (Compared to last year): 

Progress against targets set out in 2019/20 budget application:
       1.  Maintain (or increase) the number of members in the club:
we  have actually increased the members of the club, this lies mainly because of good handling of our CL teams (30 people) and M4 team (25)

Increase training attendance for all teams:
Attendance has been a big issue so far, especially for M1 and M2 and we have not been able to fix this problem yet.     
Increase communication and interactions between different teams:
We started the season with an organisation App called Spond. However, that did not turn out to be hugely successful. Other methods that have been done to  increase communication is having a members only facebook page and more defined team captain roles, where captains must spread the word in the team
BUCS teams goals:
M1 are struggling with attendance and have lost easy games already.
M2 struggled early in the season with game performance and already lost                                        2 games, however promotion still is possible with such a talented team.
M3 have won all their league games comfortably and should be heading towards promotion
W1 have lost 2 close games, but promotion is very well possible
W2 have won some of their games and lots of progress and development can be found inside the team. 
Non BUCS team goals:
CL have currently 2 teams competing in the Uom CL, their training sessions are very well organized and good development is happening in that area.
M4 are playing in the MMU CL, their training sessions are also well led and much fun. Both teams have many players committed and all enjoy playing for their respective teams
Organising 2 successful tours ( November & Eastern):
Our November Tour had to get cancelled, due to the lack of people committing, the committee reacted accordingly and we now have a February Tour confirmed with 22 people already paid deposit.   
gain a total of 400£ from Fundraising, 500£ from merchandise and 750£ sponsorship:
Sponsorship: 600+150 already
Fundraising: we will still have our main fundraising events coming up
merchandise: this process will also start in the 2nd semester
Increasing social events in quality and quantity, to about 1 successful event every month, and attending more of the weekly AU parties
The club has defenitely had an increase in AU socials, this is because of the new Social Secretary. Unfortunately we did not have many other events, we went bowling once and had a get-together. We plan to work on the non-clubbing events more in the 2nd semeter. We are planning a pub quiz already.
having a consitent and valuable Volunteering scheme:
Some volunteering work has been done and the activities will start in the 2nd semester as well. We represented the opportunity of BEE-Baller  at the volunteering fair.
5 additional players get a coaching or referee qualification:
Coaching qualifications have not taken place yet, we are still waiting for confirmation from the organisers.
	4 people from the club completed the refereeing course and we now have 4 Level 1 officials.

Pre-Season/Trials recap (Areas for improvement, what worked well?)
The new format of having 2 Trial sessions of 2 hours, instead of 1 four/hour session, worked really well. We managed to have about 120 new comers show up, and it did not feel too stressed or rushed. The registration and preparations for the trials also ran very smoothly. As a committee, we were happy to have improved trials for the organisers and coaches, as well as for the players. We hope to continue with this plan for future seasons.

Our pre-season ran pretty smoothly as well, each team had a friendly game, with the exception of M2, where there was a miscommunication between the AU and the Armitage and the game had to be broken off after the first quarter. Apart from that, the first trainings were very well attended and coaches made appropriate team selections.

Alumni Events/groups/Charity


Details of sponsorship agreements/contracts (Inc full amounts & name of sponsor)


Finance update (Treasurer, do you have access to your bank? include current membership prices, any unexpected costs? Do you project to go into debt?)


Coaching Report (External & Volunteer – Please have captains give a brief review on the coaching their club/team is receiving, areas for improvement, any noticeable improvements from last year) 

Any Other Business (EG Any Coaches/Officials completed qualifications?)

